Let us look at our type of function that is written by address so a function can also return addresses, function
can take parameters as addresses so they are called as call by address type of parameter passing, and also
function can return an address also.
Let us see some example function which returns in addresses
So I will write one function called as fun and it takes some size as a parameter then what it does.
I will write the return type afterwards but what it does is it will take one pointer and create
an  array of that size.
So where the memorie is allocated, where the new is used here.
So the memorie is created in heap.
So this is creating an array inside heap and P is a pointer to that memory.
So let us take for example if the size is five so array of size 5 was created in the heap and the P is
a pointer to this one.
So this belongs to  function fun, now i will add some code here
So what I do is I will fill those values from 1-5 for int i assign 0  I is less than size
and I++. so this will be taking me through all these elements of Array P then P of I, i will assign I+1
means whatever the value of i is plus one.
So p of zero as 1, P of 1 is 2 then 3 4 5.
So this will fill the elements with natural numbers from 1 to 5 then what the function has done created
an array and filled the elements.
Now return P,  what is P. P is a pointer to an array of type Integer.
So this is a pointer of type Integer.
So that's it.
This function is useful for creating an array and initializing all the elements from 1 through whatever
the size you have mentioned.
And then it will return pointer to that funcion.
So if I call this from main function then I will take a pointer here PTR and I will call the function
fun with the size of 5.
So what happens.
This function will create an array of size 5 and initialize sum elements there and returns the pointer.
So this main is having a pointer PTR so it will be pointing on this one.
Is it allowed like this.
Yes.
See this function has created some memory in the heap and it has not deleted.
So the heap memory will be as it is and it is handing over that address to the main function so PTR
will be a pointer to that one.
So if you have any work related to heap memory then those functions can return the address of that
heap memory and it will be useful for the calling function main is calling it and the main can
access that memory.
Finally we saw that a function can also return address.
So this is a return by address method so function can take to addresses also and return the
address also.
So I have given you one example where it may be useful.
So this is one of the example. so we will try this practically and we will see this one.